---
subtitle: Vocaluxe 2024 Design - v1.1, December 31 2023
title: License and Copyright
---

# Copyright

The Vocaluxe 2024 Design is based on source elements (videos, graphics,
effects, icons, music, sounds) that are licensed under Pexels license,
Pixabay license or creative commons license. Pexels License and Pixabay
License means it\'s free for commercial use and no attribution required.
Please check [pexels.com](https://www.pexels.com) and
[pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com) for more details.

All copyright of the source elements belongs to the creators. Support
their work by following them or making donations. All source elements
are linked down below under \"source elements\".

This Theme is completly based on Vocaluxe \"Genius\"-Theme from the
Nightly Build (2023-Nov-23) under GPL 3.0-License.

Thanks to [Jiiniasu](https://github.com/Jiiniasu) for all the screen
layouting in 2017.

The Design composition is made by marwin89 with Inkscape, GIMP and MS
Clipchamp. All the tool provider don\'t claim any copyright for using
their editing tools.

marwin89 has copyright of the design and releases the design as a
complete unit under creative commons license (CC-BY-NC-SA).

# Credits

Design Composition and Owner: [Marwin89](https://github.com/marwin89)

Screen Layout: [Jiiniasu](https://github.com/Jiiniasu) (2017) and more,
[Marwin89](https://github.com/marwin89) (2024)

Tooling: Inkscape, GIMP, MS Clipchamp

Motion Graphics: [BGFREE](https://www.youtube.com/@videobgfree/about)

Music: [Ivymusic](https://pixabay.com/de/users/lvymusic-27953103/)

Icons: [flaticons.net](https://www.flaticons.net) (complete Royalty Free
Icons)

Fonts: [RandomMaerks](https://www.instagram.com/randommaerks/) (CYGRE),
Primo≈æ Peterlin, Steve White (FreeSans)

Avatar photography: RDNE Stock project, Andrea Piacquadio, Erik Mclean,
cotttonbro studio, Budgeron Bach, Stas Knop, Godisable Jacob, Dids,
Barthy Bonhomme, Tamra Creatives Agency, Anna Shvets, Hebert Santos,
Vanessa Pozos, Arina Krasnikova, Moe Magners, Mehrab zahedbeigi, Spencer
Selover, EZEKIXL AKINNEWU, Emre keshavarz, Jigar Maru, behrouz sasani

# License

The complete Vocaluxe 2024 design is licensed under creative commons
license (CC-BY-NC-SA) by Marwin89. The source elements are licensed
under Pexels License, Pixabay License or creative commons License. This
theme contains also some complete Royalty Free Icons from
[flaticons.net](https://www.flaticons.net)

The Design is primarly made for Vocaluxe - the open source singing game.
Let marwin89 or the Vocaluxe team know if you use the design concept
outside the open source karaoke game scene or similiar game projects.

# DMCA

Since we respect artist and content owner rights, it is our policy to
respond to alleged infringement notices that comply with the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA"). If you find material here
that you want to be removed you can contact us. We check sources at
pexels.com or youtube.com as good as we can but it can happen that your
materials were wrongly uploaded on the platforms from another person
without your consent. Let us know.

# Source Elements

Font:

-   UI Font: FreeSans - <https://fonts2u.com/free-sans.font>,
    <https://www.gnu.org/software/freefont/>

-   Logo Font: CYGRE - <https://fontesk.com/cygre-typeface/>

Motion graphics:

-   Corridor of lights <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVCgo-s6oDc>

-   Loading: <https://pixabay.com/videos/loading-circle-loading-42581/>

Icons:

-   [flaticons.net](https://www.flaticons.net) (complete Royalty Free
    Icons)

Background Music:

-   <https://pixabay.com/music/corporate-calm-background-for-video-121519/>

Avatars:

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/woman-wearing-crop-top-while-holding-dj-mixer-5898814/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-in-red-button-up-shirt-smiling-3777946/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/pensive-stylish-hipster-in-sunglasses-4061670/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-woman-smiling-while-singing-5650943/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/close-up-of-sunglasses-on-table-255307/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-skateboarder-listening-to-music-on-vintage-cassette-recorder-outdoors-5158233/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/skc-cassette-tape-on-white-surface-1219113/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-woman-wearing-yellow-floral-top-871495/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/closeup-photo-of-rca-vinyl-record-disc-1300578/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-headset-hanging-on-black-and-gray-microphone-185030/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/overweight-black-woman-smiling-in-bright-studio-6923418/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/trendy-senior-happy-woman-in-sunglasses-and-stylish-leather-jacket-5257499/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/picture-of-a-young-woman-at-the-arcade-17377572/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-man-standing-against-the-wall-with-graffiti-18215329/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/beautiful-woman-in-a-light-green-dress-posing-with-her-hand-on-her-waist-7752426/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-in-red-polo-shirt-3777952/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-man-wearing-black-shirt-8151524/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/bearded-man-in-black-leather-jacket-3775534/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-in-green-and-black-plaid-shirt-and-blue-denim-jeans-standing-near-a-gray-concrete-wall-3889629/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-in-blue-long-sleeve-shirt-and-red-pants-sitting-on-brown-rock-2085717/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/woman-taking-selfie-1006202/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-wearing-t-shirt-with-right-hand-near-cheek-428333/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-woman-in-black-clothes-7401306/>

-   <https://www.pexels.com/photo/woman-in-brown-long-sleeve-shirt-wearing-black-sunglasses-5333746/>
